doc: add doc for selective slashing (#484)
babylonchain/babylon: x/btcstaking/README.md

}
```

### MsgSelectiveSlashingEvidence

The `MsgSelectiveSlashingEvidence` message is used for submitting evidences for
selective slashing offences. In a selective slashing offence, the adversarial
finality provider chooses a victim BTC delegation, signs its slashing

> transaction and decrypts covenant adaptor signatures to the Schnorr signatures

Reviewer: maybe add a reference to adaptor signatures and Schnorr signatures?

> transaction and decrypts covenant adaptor signatures to the Schnorr signatures
> using its secret key, then submits this slashing transaction to Bitcoin. By

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
transaction, and decrypts covenant adaptor signatures to the Schnorr signatures
using its secret key before submitting this slashing transaction to Bitcoin. By
```

> observing a pair of Schnorr signature and adaptor signature from covenant

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
observing a pair of a Schnorr signature and an adaptor signature from the covenant
```

> committee, anyone can extract the finality provider's secret key via the
> [adaptor signature](../../crypto/schnorr-adaptor-signature/README.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
committee, anyone can extract the finality provider's secret key due to the
[adaptor signature properties](../../crypto/schnorr-adaptor-signature/README.md).
```

// launched by a finality provider
message MsgSelectiveSlashingEvidence {
  option (cosmos.msg.v1.signer) = "signer";

  string signer = 1;
  // staking_tx_hash is the hash of the staking tx.
  // It uniquely identifies a BTC delegation
  string staking_tx_hash = 2;
  // recovered_fp_btc_sk is the BTC SK of the finality provider who
  // launches the selective slashing offence. The SK is recovered by
  // using a covenant adaptor signature and the corresponding Schnorr
  // signature
  bytes recovered_fp_btc_sk = 3;
}
```

Upon `MsgSelectiveSlashingEvidence`, a Babylon node will execute as follows:

1. Find the BTC delegation with the given staking transaction hash.
2. Ensure the BTC delegation is active or unbonding.
3. Ensure the given secret key corresponds to the finality provider's public
   key.
4. At this point, the finality provider must have done selective slashing. Thus,
   slash the finality provider and emit an event `EventSelectiveSlashing` about
   this.

The `MsgSelectiveSlashingEvidence` is typically reported by the [BTC staking
tracker](https://github.com/babylonchain/vigilante/tree/dev/btcstaking-tracker)

> program. It keeps monitoring slashing transactions on Bitcoin. Upon each

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
program. It keeps monitoring for slashing transactions on Bitcoin. Upon each
```
